# Lab2: set covering with GA

## Encoding

All the lists generated by the "problem" function are added to an array. Each individual is represented by an array of integer, where each integer is used as
an index to access the array containing all the lists generated by "problem"

## Fitness function

The fitness function is given by a couple of values, representing the number of elements covered and the weight of the solution respectively.
The implementations is done by introducing a "fitness" class, which calculates the two values upon initialization and overloads the comparison operators
with the following logic: pick the individual which covers most elements, if they cover the same number of elements pick the individual with the lowest cost

##Genetic operators

###Crossover

Crossover is done by picking the lists that are contained in both solutions and then the first half of the first individual and the second half
of the second individual.

###Mutation

Mutation is done by simply replacing a random list in in the soultion with another random list picked from those generated by "problem".

##Evoultion

At each generation, two individuals are picked through a tournament selection and they are crossed-over. Then, with a certain probability, the resulting 
individual is mutated. The offspring is added to pre-existing population and the new best solution is examined. Finally, the best "population size" individuals are picked
for the following generation. At the end, the best individual of all generations is returned.

## Results

N = 5: Best candidate of weight 5 <br />
N = 10: Best candidate of weight 10 <br />
N = 20: Best candidate of weight 26 <br />
N = 100: Best candidate of weight 195 <br />
N = 500: Best candidate of weight 1769 <br />
N = 1000: Best candidate of weight 3937 <br />

5,10,26,195,1769,3937
